hello everyone my name is Jason and this
is the excel van BM 800 we're gonna be
doing an unboxing today of this
microphone and this is the first video
official video of this new channel
artificial human intelligence so without
further ado let's get started here so in
the box you're going to get your
instructions which are very poorly
written I did I did open this already
just to see these instructions because I
was wondering about what power supply
this would need and because this is a
condenser microphone an actual condenser
microphone you need phantom power to run
this so you can't just plug it into your
computer even though it comes with the
cord to do so you still need to have a
power supply for it so what you can do
is you can get a power supply and you
need another XLR cable which I got one
for five dollars off of Amazon as well
but you can take the XLR cable out of
the back end of the microphone hook it
into the power supply and then use this
out of the power supply to hook it into
your computer so in case you were
wondering you'll have to spend either an
additional 15 20 bucks on a power supply
or if you have something like a zoom h4n
or similar something that will provide
phantom power otherwise it won't work so
alright you'll get it it'll work it'll
just be very very low and really it
won't work so warranty card whatever you
mic so you get a shock mount which is
made out of metal so you'd you get the
windscreen and of course you get
microphone I chose blue and silver it
was the cheapest on there and
was prime eligible so that's why I got
it and that looks like there is a bit of
a little bit of gunk of glue or
something there mmm
manufacturing oh well cheat Mike this
pose actually has really nice mesh
shield so it doesn't feel like it's
gonna bend or anything so that's good
and of course XLR cable hookup so that's
it for the unboxing this is everything
that it comes with I'm gonna have a test
video as well post up on my channel I
will have a link right somewhere in here
that you can click on and go directly to
that please subscribe like this video
and thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time